docs: environments (#334)
RootstockCollective/dao-frontend: README.md

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Environments

> The following table describes the different environments files, which team is interacts with it and where each one is deployed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the different environments files that the teams interact with it and where they are deployed. 
```

All environment files are prefixed with a `.env`.

| Environment      | Team     | Deploy URL                                       | Notes                 |
| ---------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------- |
| .prod            | DAO - CR | https://app.rootstockcollective.xyz              | -                     |

> | .dev             | DAO - CR | https://dev.app.rootstockcollective.xyz          | Needs VPN             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .dev             | DAO - CR | https://dev.app.rootstockcollective.xyz          | Requires VPN             |
```

> | .testnet         | DAO      | https://testnet.app.rootstockcollective.xyz      | -                     |
> | .qa              | DAO      |  -                                               | -                     |
> | .regtest         | CR       |  http://localhost:3000                           | -                     |
> | .testnet.local   | CR       |  http://localhost:3000                           | -                     |
> | .testnet.qa      | CR       | https://frontend.qa.bim.dao.rif.technology       | -                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .testnet         | DAO      | https://testnet.app.rootstockcollective.xyz      | -                     |
| .qa              | DAO      | -                                                | -                     |
| .regtest         | CR       | http://localhost:3000                            | -                     |
| .testnet.local   | CR       | http://localhost:3000                            | -                     |
| .testnet.qa      | CR       | https://frontend.qa.bim.dao.rif.technology       | -                     |
```

| .testnet.staging | CR       | https://frontend.testnet.bim.dao.rif.technology  | -                     |

> CR: Collective Rewards
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CR**:  Rootstock Collective Rewards squad
**DAO**: Rootstock DAO squad
```
